Feat: Check plugin uninstall cleanliness (#58)
glpi-project/plugin-ci-action: docs/local-testing.md

```bash
mkdir -p ~/.config/act
echo '-P ubuntu-latest=catthehacker/ubuntu:act-latest' >> ~/.config/act/actrc
```

## Running the CI

From the plugin directory, the command below redirects `uses: glpi-project/plugin-ci-workflows@v1` to your local checkout instead of fetching from GitHub.

Two flags are always required when running a `workflow_call`-based workflow with `act`:

- `-j ci` — the CI job depends on `generate-ci-matrix` for its matrix, which `act` cannot resolve dynamically; targeting the job directly bypasses that dependency
- `--env GITHUB_WORKSPACE=<plugins-dir>` — `${{ github.workspace }}` resolves incorrectly in container `options:` under `act` + `workflow_call`; this makes it point to the directory that contains the plugin folder

```bash
cd /path/to/plugins/myplugin

act push \
  --local-repository "glpi-project/plugin-ci-workflows@v1=/path/to/plugin-ci-workflows" \
  -W .github/workflows/continuous-integration.yml \
  -j ci \
  --matrix php-version:8.2 \
  --env GITHUB_WORKSPACE=/path/to/plugins \
  --pull=false \
  --artifact-server-path ~/.cache/act-artifacts
```

> `--artifact-server-path` runs a local cache server pour les steps `actions/cache` — Composer et npm sont restaurés depuis le disque au lieu du réseau. Créer le répertoire une fois avant le premier run :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--artifact-server-path` runs a local cache server pour les steps `actions/cache`   
Composer and npm are restored from the disk rather than the network. Create the directory once before the first run: :
```
